  I enjoyed working on this assignment because I felt like I got better at locating helpful resources online about the course content. I really liked the two websites that I posted the links to at the top because they broke down basic info on http headers and sockets. I liked seeing how the homemade server ran on my device. I was not able to run the server immediately after I halted the program because the socket was still "listening" for connections until the timer ran out. I got to talk through this with the TA and I better understand how the socket is receiving and sending information now. 
One issue I had was forgetting to use .decode on some of my HTML instructions. I think I still need help understanding exactly how the decode works. I think decode changes the message from the output byte object to a string. I'm not sure if it's a string of bits or something else. 
  I liked this assingment because I was able to see the progress I was making and how our code was changing the user interface on the browser. I want to learn more about HTML and HTTP and better understand them more broadly. I am interested in learning more in the next phases of the project about how sockets deal with multiple commands at once and how the waiting system for that works in the listen(). 
  Working with Casey and Sabrina was more smooth this time. I feel like I am getting a better grip of how to work collaboratively asynchronously. We are all getting better at communicating how we want to implement sections of code. It feels really exciting to communicate about what is going wrong and debug together. I prefer working with others to working alone. Casey and Sabrina are really great to work with because we all come to the HW with humility and confusion and then work together to become more confident in what we are doing. 
